Help me, Su Hao
Su Hao
Your conscience is eaten by a dog
I won't save you.
Do you have to ruin me to be happy?
Excuse me.
I have no morals
You don't have to kidnap me with morality
You saw the truth yesterday
You are dying today
People like you
Scumbag you come for nothing
Are you sick?
I don't know this lady.
As for what happened yesterday
I don't know.
It has nothing to do with me
As for you targeting me for no reason from the beginning
Humiliate me in public
Even in order to improve myself, the company fired me
Did I remind you?
But how did you do it?
You are humiliating me even more
I would like to ask
Just these actions of yours
Why should I?
Kidnapping with your morals?
You have to be good-looking.
It's not because you have the courage to do good deeds and you can be noble
You can arbitrarily belittle others and elevate yourself
It is also a good deed
But essentially
You and those scumbags
No difference.
Soft Egg Winter Buns
Hey, don't come back and testify to me
I didn't do those things
Look up aunt
You were right before
I will not meddle in this life